node: devicemgr: docs: Kubelet Device Manager graduation to GA (#37273)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/node/device-plugin-api-versions.md

---
content_type: "reference"
title: Kubelet Device Manager API Versions
weight: 10
---

> Please note that the device plugin API is present here: https://github.com/kubernetes/kubelet/tree/master/pkg/apis/deviceplugin.

Author: Fixed, Thanks.

#### Compatibility matrix

> |               |  Kubernetes 1.21 | Kubernetes 1.22 | Kubernetes 1.23 | Kubernetes 1.24 | Kubernetes 1.25 | Kubernetes 1.26 |

Reviewer: I recommend flipping this table around: columns for alpha, beta, etc and rows for Kubernetes minor versions.

That will make it easier to maintain.

Author: Sure, updated.

|---------------|------------------|-----------------|-----------------|-----------------|-----------------|-----------------|
| `v1alpha1`    |  -               | -               | -               | -               | -               | -               |
| `v1beta1`     |  ✓               | ✓               | ✓               | ✓               | ✓               | ✓               |

Key:

* `✓` Exactly the same features / API objects in both device plugin API and
   the Kubernetes
  version.
* `+` device plugin API has features or API objects that may not be present in the
  Kubernetes cluster, either due to that device plugin API has additional new API, or
  that the server has removed old API. However, everything they have in

>   common (i.e., most APIs) will work. Please note that alpha APIs may vanish or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  common (most other APIs) will work. Note that alpha APIs may vanish or
```

>   change significantly in a single release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  change significantly between one minor release and the next.
```
?

Author: Sure, updated.

* `-` The Kubernetes cluster has features the device plugin API can't use,
  either due to the server has additional new API, or that device plugin API has

>   removed old API. However, everything they share in common (i.e., most APIs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
removed old API. However, everything they share in common (most APIs)
```

---
content_type: "reference"
title: Kubelet Device Manager API Versions
weight: 10
---

This page provides details of version compatibility between the Kubernetes
[device plugin API](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubelet/tree/master/pkg/apis/deviceplugin),
and different versions of Kubernetes itself.

## Compatibility matrix

|                 |  `v1alpha1` | `v1beta1`   |
|-----------------|-------------|-------------|
| Kubernetes 1.21 |  -          | ✓           |
| Kubernetes 1.22 |  -          | ✓           |
| Kubernetes 1.23 |  -          | ✓           |
| Kubernetes 1.24 |  -          | ✓           |
| Kubernetes 1.25 |  -          | ✓           |
| Kubernetes 1.26 |  -          | ✓           |

Key:

* `✓` Exactly the same features / API objects in both device plugin API and

>    the Kubernetes
>   version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   the Kubernetes version.
```

Author: Thanks, fixed.

> * `+` device plugin API has features or API objects that may not be present in the

Author: Updated, Thanks.

  Kubernetes cluster, either due to that device plugin API has additional new API, or

>   that the server has removed old API. However, everything they have in

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  that the server has removed an old API call. However, everything they have in
```

Author: Updated, Thanks.

  common (most other APIs) will work. Note that alpha APIs may vanish or
  change significantly between one minor release and the next.
* `-` The Kubernetes cluster has features the device plugin API can't use,

>   either due to the server has additional new API, or that device plugin API has

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  either because server has added additional API calls, or that device plugin API has
```

Author: Updated, Thanks.

>   removed old API. However, everything they share in common (most APIs) will work.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  removed an old API call. However, everything they share in common (most APIs) will work.
```

Author: Updated, Thanks.
